Iris dataset Prediction:-


In this project I have done  use machine learning technology with python for predict the iris dataset.

 Iris is a flower which had introduced by Ronald Fisher in his 1936 paper "The use of multiple measurements in taxonomic problems".
Iris flower haveing three species.
1:-Iris-setosa
2:-Iris-verginica
3:-Iris-versicolor
In the given dataset 50 -50 set of each species total 150 dataset.

For prediction dataset we follows these steps:-

STEP 01:-  Get the data and Identification of problem
                       - It is supervised learning problem.
                               -  classification 
                                                 -  Logistic algorithm

           IMPORT LIBRARY:-
                                           -  numpy
                                           -  scipy
                                           -  pandas 
                                           -  matplotlib
                                           -  scikit-learn

STEP 02:-  Prepare the data
                      -  clean data
                      -  combine datasets and its for analysis.
                      -  Identification of defferent variable/features in data i.e.
                          textual, numerical,categorical.etc.
                      - Convert the textual and categorical variables in to numerical in order to make the                               data into sutable formate so that machine learning ca be applied to it.

   **** Machine learning can directly applied to numerical variable.                      


STEP 03:-   Splitting the data into training and testing.
                         - Training Set is dataset of examples used to fit the parameters of the model.   
                         -  Test Set is dataset used to provide an unbiased evaluation of a final model fit 
                               on the training dataset.

STEP 04:-  Score and evaluate the model
                         -  Test the models ability to predict the original data, and evaluate its success.

STEP 05:-   Predict and evaluate the accuracy
                         -   Use the model to forecost future spikes and shortfalls in demand.



STEP 06:-    Visualization data
                              -  For visualization I use the matplotlib library.



                                               *           THANK YOU     *
                                             ***                                   ***




                                 
                           

